Docs: Add missing attribute from list of default promoted OTel resource attributes (#12181)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

### Documentation

* [ENHANCEMENT] Update the `MimirIngestedDataTooFarInTheFuture` runbook with a note about false positives and the endpoint to flush TSDB blocks by user. #11961

> * [BUGFIX] Add missing attribute from list of default promoted OTel resource attributes in docs: deployment.environment. #12181

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Add a missing attribute to the list of default promoted OTel resource attributes in the docs: deployment.environment. #12181
```
